docs: update v2 store section of upgrade_3_6.md (#1179)
etcd-io/website: content/en/docs/v3.6/upgrades/upgrade_3_6.md

#### V2 Store

{{% alert title="Note" color="info" %}}

> If the `--enable-v2` flag is not configured and the `ETCD_ENABLE_V2` environment variable has never been set (or has been set to `false`) since the cluster was created, no further action is required.

Reviewer: If `--enable-v2` or `ETCD_ENABLE_V2` is configured as false, we still need to remove or cleanup them before moving to v3.6.

> If the --enable-v2 flag and the ETCD_ENABLE_V2 environment variable have never been enabled (that is, they have always been unset or set to false) on any member since the cluster was created, it is safe to upgrade to etcd v3.6. Before upgrading, ensure that the --enable-v2 flag and the ETCD_ENABLE_V2 environment variable have been removed or unset on all etcd members, as they are no longer supported in etcd v3.6.

Reviewer 2: To reduce repeat mentioning of the flag and variable, and add continuity from previous sentence, probably better to rewrite second sentence as `Otherwise, before upgrading, ensure that v2store is cleaned up, as it’s no longer supported in etcd v3.6.`

Reviewer: There isn't any v2 custom data to be cleaned in the case, we only need to ensure the flag and environment to be removed and unset. I agree that it seems duplicated. Also, there is no causal relationship between the first and second sentences, so I think we can separate them.

```
If the --enable-v2 flag and the ETCD_ENABLE_V2 environment variable have never been enabled (that is, they have always been unset or set to false) on any member since the cluster was created, it is safe to upgrade to etcd v3.6.

Before upgrading, always ensure that the --enable-v2 flag and the ETCD_ENABLE_V2 environment variable are removed or unset on all etcd members, as they are no longer supported in etcd v3.6.

```

Reviewer 2: Ok, that sounds good, thanks @ahrtr !!

> If the `--enable-v2` flag was never set and the `ETCD_ENABLE_V2` environment variable was never set (or has always been set to `false`) on any member since the cluster was created, the v2store is clean. In this case, after running `etcdutl check v2store` to confirm, you can skip the data cleanup steps below and proceed directly to removing the `--enable-v2` flag and the `ETCD_ENABLE_V2` environment variable from all etcd members (these options have been removed in etcd v3.6).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the --enable-v2 flag and the ETCD_ENABLE_V2 environment variable have never been enabled (that is, they have always been unset or set to false) on any member since the cluster was created, it is safe to upgrade to etcd v3.6. Before upgrading, ensure that the --enable-v2 flag and the ETCD_ENABLE_V2 environment variable have been removed or unset on all etcd members, as they are no longer supported in etcd v3.6.
```

{{% /alert %}}

> If `--enable-v2` or the environment variable `ETCD_ENABLE_V2="true"` **is** (or has ever been) configured on any member, the v2store must be cleaned up before the cluster can be safely upgraded to v3.6. The general workflow is:

Reviewer 2: I think emphasizing just `is` (**is**) is not needed here.

1. Run `etcdutl check v2store` on each member to check whether the v2store contains any non-membership (custom) data. Ensure that you use `etcdutl` of v3.5.32 or later, which extends the check to also inspect the WAL records in addition to the v2 snapshot.

2. Interpret the output of the check. The check reports one of the following outcomes:

    - `No custom content found in both v2store and WAL records` — the v2store is clean. Skip to step 5.
    - `detected custom content in v2store` — custom v2 content exists in the v2 snapshot only. Follow the steps in [v2store has custom data](#v2store-has-custom-data).
    - `detected custom v2 content in WAL records` — custom v2 content exists in the WAL records only. Follow the steps in [WAL has custom v2 data](#wal-has-custom-v2-data).
    - `detected custom v2 content in both v2store and WAL records` — custom v2 content exists in both locations. Follow the steps in both [v2store has custom data](#v2store-has-custom-data) and [WAL has custom v2 data](#wal-has-custom-v2-data).

>     - Anything else — the check failed unexpectedly; stop and investigate manually.

Reviewer: pls also mention that normally this case won't happen.

> 3. Resolve the issues identified by the check, as described in the linked sections.

Reviewer 2: I think this step can be merged with step 2 for a better clarity or flow (since user tend to click the linked section when they see link which happens before step 3) - i.e. re-write step 2 as something like below and remove step 3. `2. The check reports one of the following outputs. Resolve any issues identified by the check, as described in the linked sections.`

Reviewer: Good suggestion! Thanks @spzala

4. Repeat step 1 to verify the v2store is clean. If the check still reports custom content, return to step 2 and resolve the remaining issues.

5. Once `etcdutl check v2store` reports "No custom content found in both v2store and WAL records" on every member, remove the `--enable-v2` flag and the `ETCD_ENABLE_V2` environment variable from all etcd members.

>     **All done! You are safe to move to etcd v3.6 now!**

Reviewer 2: nit, "upgrade to etcd v3.6" instead of "move" for consistency.
